welcomes to movie summary today i am
going to explain supernatural horror
film mirror
a security guard runs through a subway
station until he enters a room he cannot
escape and starts begging his reflection
in a mirror for his life
his reflection uses a shard to slice
into its own throat the wound reflects
upon the real security parts body
killing him ben carson keeper sutherland
a suspended police detective begins his
first day as a night security guard at
the mayflower
a luxury department store that was
gutted by a fire and shuttered five
years prior
the building still contains numerous
mirrors from the store
on ben's first night of patrol he finds
a mirror that appears to be covered with
handprints
but only on the reflected side of the
glass he sees an open door in the
reflection while it is actually closed
over time ben begins to see more intense
visions
which he initially shrugs up as
hallucinations
he soon finds the wallet of gary lewis
josh cole the previous night guard
from the beginning of the film who
supposedly killed himself
inside is a note that says essecre after
noticing the absence of blood on the
mirror shard and gary's crying photos
ben is convinced that the mirrors make
people do things to themselves that they
are not actually doing
meanwhile ben's sister angie amy smart
is killed by her reflection as it grips
its jaw and slowly pulls its mouth apart
causing her to bleed profusely ben is
distraught when he finds her body
in anger he attempts to destroy the
mirrors at the mayflower
but they are impervious to damage he
demands to know what the mirrors want
and cracks appear on one of the mirrors
spelling out the word jessica
ben enters the flooded basement of the
mayflower and finds a small sign stating
psychiatric studies and
saint matthews hospital underneath he
moves to the side of the leak and begins
pulling at the tiles and brick of the
wall and finds a room with a chair
surrounded by mirrors beyond it
a psychomantium realizing that the
mayflower was built on the side of an
earlier hospital
ben asks his police friend larry jason
fleming
to help him locate the patient employee
manifest for the hospital
larry finds the name anna essecker mary
beth peel
a patient of the psychiatric hospital
she was 12 years old at the time and
died in a mass suicide
ben looks through anna's file and finds
an authorization and consent form that
negated her death certificate
stating that she had been discharged
from the hospital two days before the
suicide and is like to believe that anna
is still alive
meanwhile ben's wife amy paula patton
discovers her son michaels
cameron voice reflection acting
differently from the real michael
in a panic she calls ben who immediately
returns home
together they cover every reflective
surface in the house with green paint
ben locates anna essecker's childhood
home and discovers that as a child she
was violent and uncontrollable
and diagnosed with severe schizophrenia
she was taken in by a doctor
dr kane timothern from saint matthews
hospital
who believed that she was suffering from
a rare personality disorder
his treatment was to confine anna to a
chair surrounded by mirrors
believing this would cure her disorder
by forcing her to confront her own
reflection
venice told by anna's brother that when
she returned apparently cured strange
things started to happen with the
mirrors in their home
as a result her family sent her to a
convent saint augustine's monastery
where mirrors are forbidden ben visits
the convent and finds anna
who explains that she was actually
possessed by a demon which was drawn
from her and became trapped in the
mirrors
she explains that it collects the souls
of those it kills and if she were to
return
it would make it possible for the demon
to be brought back into the mortal world
she refuses to go back meanwhile amy
discovers that mikey is missing at home
and a thin reflective layer of water is
completely covering the floor
after putting her daughter in a safe
closet she finds michael using a knife
to scrape the paint from the mirrors amy
tries to stop him but he escapes
obviously possessed having threatened
her at gunpoint
ben returns with anna to the mate lower
and straps her into the chair in the
psychomantium
back at ben's house michael is suddenly
pulled through the water on the floor by
his reflection and begins to drown
at the psycho manti and the lights begin
to flicker in the building begins to
shake as the demons and the mirrors are
released
they repossess anna and all the mirrors
in the mayflower explode
simultaneously michael is released from
the demon's grip and amy is able to pull
him to safety
ben is then attacked by the repossessed
anna he manages to kill her by igniting
a nearby gas line
setting off a huge explosion the old
building collapses
killing the demon and trapping ben under
the ceiling as he rushes toward the exit
gun pulls himself out of the rubble and
stumbles out of the building
policemen and firemen are everywhere in
the street and a body is seen being
taken in a bag by paramedics but nobody
notices ben
he looks at the older security guard's
name tag and sees it as written backward
realizing everything is in reverse like
in a mirror he realizes that he never
made it out of the building
died in the rubble and is now trapped in
the mirror world movie ends in that
scene
please like share and subscribe